Added Windows Auth requirement in mrs-proxy-endpoint.md (#2009)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/architecture/mailbox-servers/mrs-proxy-endpoint.md

- If you don't perform cross-forest moves or remote move migrations, keep MRS Proxy endpoints disabled in the Client Access services on Mailbox servers to reduce the attack surface of your organization.

> - Exchange Online requires Windows authentication for the MRS proxy endpoint in the Exchange Web Services (EWS) virtual directory in the Client Access (frontend) services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exchange Online requires Windows authentication for the MRS proxy endpoint in the Exchange Web Services (EWS) virtual directory in the Client Access (front end) services.
```
